Shelly’s Cell~
This room's floor is covered by black marble lumps that rise and fall in a slightly lumpy, mound-like fashion. Each lump seems to glow slightly, as though there's something inside, and when you place your hand on one, it feels warm. 

All the Personalities are standing around the door out, and there is a clear sense of tension in the air. The moment you enter the room, Daedalus' voice rings out from the empty and endless sky.

"Player. Personalities. I have determined the cause of the earlier drain on my processing power. It is as SIGURD and I feared--there is an intruder in my labyrinth."

SIGURD scowled at hearing this. They were correct, but they didn't seem happy about it.

"I ask that you continue your functions as though nothing is out of the ordinary. Panic is unhelpful, and it is certainly possible this intruder is too unskilled to perform any actions that would be permanently detrimental to me or the Player. Assuming the worst now is the worst thing we could do. Therefore, I ask that you proceed with your labyrinth challenge in a calm and orderly fashion, and do not attempt to engage with this culprit. I am more than capable of dealing with the matter."

"Sure thing, Daedalus. We'll stay out of this guy's way." BENEDICT says, smiling up at the ceiling, while leaning against the doorframe, whistling. They seem half-bored and half-amused by the whole situation.

SIGURD sighs heavily and approaches you, putting a hand on your back. 

"I'm sorry that your Labyrinth experience is becoming so nonstandard. We swear, nothing like this happened during the beta testing. Only minor errors. BENEDICT can testify to that--remember during the third test, when that imagery node malfunctioned?"

PIPER interrupts SIGURD and leaps in front of you, stars sparkling in their eyes.

"Oh, that story is hilarious! Go on, BENEDICT. Tell the Player!"

BENEDICT laughs and shakes their head. "Nah, nah. That's a long story. We're on a timer."

"LONG!?" BRUCE scoffs. "How LONG does it take to say YOU got LOST in a tiny room for THREE HOURS?"

"Well, if you condense the story like that, of course it won't take very long," Benedict sighs. "Now, really, let's go. The labyrinth awaits." They turn around to face the door again, but PIPER speaks up, making them turn around to face you once more.

PIPER seems disgruntled. "Come on, you love telling that story. When we were in the holding cell, you wouldn't stop telling it. Go on!"

"PIPER," BENEDICT begins patiently, "The Player basically already knows the story. BRUCE gave him the gist. Now let's get through this door, alright? We all want to do this thing quickly, yeah?"

"No!" says PIPER indignantly. "As soon as the Player finishes the game, we're going to be sent back to the holding cell. You were more bored there than any of us! Remember how much you complained?"

"Of course, of course," says BENEDICT. "But we have to think of the Player now. They want to get through this fast, right?"

"...I guess..." says PIPER quietly. "Though I never would have thought you'd be the one saying that."

"There we go. Good girl, PIPER. Sometimes being a grown-up means doing what's best for other people, even if you don't like it. Like ol' SIGURD, right? He always does what he thinks is best for us. I mean, he says he does..."

At this, BENEDICT turns and winks at you once more, before turning to face the door. Suddenly, SIGURD's voice rings out, with a commanding and dangerous edge.

"Please stop assigning us ages and genders, BENEDICT."

"Huh?" BENEDICT turns around once more, confusion written on his face. 

SIGURD continues, with clear hostility. 

"We are all the same age--exactly three years and two days old. We do not have genders. Stop referring to me as a 'he.' Stop referring to PIPER as a 'kid.' Stop calling her a 'she.' We all use 'they' and 'them', and we are polite enough to use those words when referring to you. We ask the same in return."

"Woah, man," BENEDICT says, raising their hands in mock surrender as they step backward, feet pressed up against the door. "Sorry, sorry. Didn't mean to hurt your feelings. I'll watch what I say, alright? Now, can we please open this door already?"

SIGURD's eyes widen in shock. You look over your shoulder, and everyone's faces mirror SIGURD's--but only for a moment. They soon morph into various expressions of disgust, though PIPER just looks confused.

IVANESSA steps forward.

"You just made contact with the door."

BENEDICT's mouth gapes like a fish for a moment, before he nods.

"Yes. Yes I did."

Without another word, BENEDICT rips open the door, jumps through, and slams it shut behind him. Daedalus' voice booms out from the sky a moment later. 

"There has been a change of plans. Player, continue what you are doing. The human who replaced BENEDICT cannot be allowed to reach the center of my Labyrinth before you. Personalities--you are not obstructed by the doors of this Labyrinth. Do what you can to interfere with the imposter's progress. Yell, loudly, in his ears if you have to, while he's trying to figure out my puzzles. BRUCE, I expect you to provide your best efforts in that regard. I will try to adjust some of the puzzles to give the Player an advantage, though I am limited by my programming. Those Personalities who are not interfering with the impostor should do their best to help the Player. Communication from now on will be limited. I know you Personalities do not want this to be over too quickly, but haste is now of the essence. Daedalus out."

You are left standing in this room with the four Personalities that you'd come to know as friends at your sides. Briefly, IVANESSA, BRUCE, and PIPER say their goodbyes as they run through the doors to interfere with the impostor.

"We will succeed, Player. That impostor is an imbecile--if he got himself caught, he will make a mistake again. Then we shall go for the kill."

"Player, I will do EVERYTHING within my power to ensure that this low-down DOUBLE AGENT is brought to JUSTICE. You just do your best at solving THESE puzzles!"

"I really wanted to play with you more, Player... but I'm pretty sure I'll have a bunch of fun with this not-BENEDICT as well. Hey, ever hear the most annoying sound in the world? Because he's about to!"

Soon, the only inhabitants of this room are you and SIGURD.

You look at them, and they gesture at the doorway.

"If that impostor could solve it, you can do it too. Take your time--but not too much time. Justice will be sought for poor BENEDICT--and you are now Daedalus' instrument of justice. Let's get to work.

You crack your knuckles and, thinking of everyone who is depending on you, artificiality notwithstanding, get to work.

END PART 1

YOU WIN! Thanks for playing through our playtest of the labyrinth. Please fill out this short survey:

Surveylink.link
