Kojima’s Cell~
As you step into this room--an extremely long corridor with walls that start as marble at one end, and fade to some sort of white metal by the other end--you hear Daedalus speaking to someone, though his voice cuts out as soon as the door shuts. The Personality he was talking to, gazing vaguely upward before, spins on their heel and salutes you. It's BRUCE.

"PLAYER!" BRUCE bellows. "GOOD timing! I was HOPING you'd come along SOON. GENERAL SIGURD has assigned me to retrieve YOU, and I knew that this hallway was the ONLY way into the NEXT node! I have COME to take you to the GENERAL!"

You nod mutely, ears ringing. BRUCE did not seem able to lower their volume whatsoever.

BRUCE does an about-face, and marches off, with you in hot pursuit. To your horror, they begin talking again, so you lessen your strides to put more distance between the sonic weapon they call a mouth, and your, poor, sensitive ears, virtual though they may be.

"GENERAL SIGURD and PRESIDENT Daedalus both seem to be on HIGH ALERT. Intel is LIMITED, but from what I could SCOPE out when I had a little private time for RECON, seems like there may be a BOGEY in my AOR. They'll be SORRY they ever landed here, let me tell you."

You cannot decipher any meaning behind that jumble of jargon, though that might just be your massive headache impairing your understanding.

As you walk down the hallway, you see IVANESSA walk from around a corner, though you could've sworn this hallway was a straight shot to the other end. They put their hand up like a traffic conductor, and BRUCE grinds to a halt. 

"What is the meaning of THIS!?" they bluster. "Are you the ENEMY? That's TREASON! I'll have you COURT-MARTIALED!"

"It's not that, nimrod," IVANESSA says. "SIGURD just sent me to get the Player because you're damaging their hearing." 

"WHAT!?" roars BRUCE. "Ridiculous! If this is your best attempt at a COUP, then you better--"

Losing patience, IVANESSA grabs BRUCE's head and twists it. For one horrible second, you think IVANESSA had broken BRUCE's neck, but you then realise they were turning BRUCE's head to look at you. Little white numbers are popping out of your head, and your ears are becoming pixely around the edges.

"Oh," BRUCE said, seemingly subdued. "That's FAIR."

IVANESSA scowls and pulls you ahead of where BRUCE is walking, head  hung dejectedly.

"Fool can't control their volume to save their life," IVANESSA mutters. "Nor can they control what they say. Whatever foolish notion they have put in your head--about Daedalus, SIGURD, or me--it's utter nonsense. Reject anything they suggest."

You consider IVANESSA's words, but do not accept them wholeheartedly. You finally reach the end of the hallway, and step through a metal door to see a massive ladder leading straight up. It's going to be quite a climb. As you put a hand on the rung, you hear BRUCE and IVANESSA arguing in whispers behind you.

