Asimov’s Cell~
This room's walls shimmer with iridescent hues, fluxing in and out of focus, so the entire room takes on a dreamlike quality. A fine layer of rainbow-colored powder, like frost, covers the ground. SIGURD and PIPER are here. The former is on their hands and knees, carefully examining the footprints left in the frost, and PIPER is drawing things in it--smiley faces, flowers, hearts, the words "Wash me." As you enter the room, SIGURD straightens up and looks at you distractedly.

"Ah, Player. Good to see you here. I've been meaning to test something. Would you mind walking across the floor?"

You do so, and turn back when you reach the end of the room. Your footprints are clearly visible next to the other pair that leads out the door. You then notice that there's only two pairs of prints in the room, but there are three people currently in it. A moment later, you notice there are no trails of prints leading to where SIGURD is standing, or where PIPER is kneeling on the ground.

"This is unsettling," SIGURD muses. "Perhaps... no, that'd be ridiculous."

SIGURD looks back at you with an uneasy smile. 

"Well, thanks for clearing that up for me. PIPER, would you go with the Player for a moment? I'd like to investigate this room further."

PIPER jumps to their feet.

"Sure thing, Siggy." 

They skip over to you, and you notice they're very careful to step only in the footprints that already exist on the ground. PIPER notices you watching them suspiciously, and laughs. 

"Come on, I'm just doing that for fun. It's a game! I don't leave footprints either, see?"

PIPER stomps firmly on a piece of unbroken frost nearby, and, true to their word, the ground doesn't change appearance at all.

"Now c'mon, ya dork. Don't go around squinting like that, your face'll get stuck."

PIPER drags you over to a console in a corner of the room, and points at the screen. 

"Here's the console. You can open up the doors by answering the questions correctly. Betcha didn't know that, huh?"

You hold your tongue, though you wish you could point out you couldn't have gotten here if you didn't know that.

"Feel free to mess up a couple of times, though. I don't want you to get this done with too quickly--we Personalities will probably all be sent back to that storage node after you're done. That'll be a bummer."

Something about what PIPER says seems to contradict something you've been hearing a lot, but you can't put your finger on just what.

