Vonnegut’s Cell~
This room is a flat black surface that seems to go on in all directions. Lights twinkle in the sky, like stars, but you soon realise those same lights are mirrored exactly on the ground. If you look really closely, you can almost see what looks like your own avatar standing upside-down on the ceiling. 

As your gaze trickles back down to the floor, you're shocked to see BRUCE and IVANESSA talking to each other calmly. BRUCE is still yelling, of course, but what they're yelling is quite calm, comparatively speaking.

"SO you're NOT the bogey, and I'm not EITHER. So who IS?"

"If I knew, I wouldn't have attempted to find out by testing you. For what it's worth, despite how incredibly frustrating I find your presence, I am certainly glad I was not forced to gut you like a fish."

"SAME."

IVANESSA's head pops up, and they spot you. 

"Oh. It's only the Player."

Their shoulders relax, and they walk up to you, BRUCE trailing behind. 

"By now you will have likely realised that something here has gone very, very wrong. It is my personal belief that one of us is not who we say we are."

IVANESSA pauses for a moment, to let the weight of their words sink in.

"My primary suspect was BRUCE, but they aren't the culprit. Idiocy does not equal treason, it seems."

IVANESSA leans forward, to be at your eye level, and you suddenly become aware that they are very, very tall, almost as tall as SIGURD.

"I believe there is another one of your kind in this labyrinth. It is the only explanation for why Daedalus himself seems so distracted. We Personalities can pass through the doors of this Labyrinth uninhibited, but a human would be forced to answer the questions first, even if another human had already answered the question for that door."

"So IVANESSA shoved me INTO a door."

"Yes. I wanted to see if BRUCE would go through it, or just slam into it. However, they went through. So I went through and joined them."

"I can CONFIRM that, PLAYER! Neither of us are ENEMY agents."

IVANESSA spins on their heel, and begins walking away, before pausing for a moment to talk.

"So make of that what you will. We are not the intruders--but I have my suspicions as to who might be."

While you're left pondering what all of this could mean, BRUCE and IVANESSA walk into the emptiness. A moment later, you realise the doors out of here are right behind you.

 