Clarke’s Cell~
As you continue to climb, your body fades as this cell comes into being around you. Any sense of a self has been replaced with an immersed view of the world, which is almost incomprehensible, comprising strange flowing lights that move in no discernable pattern and then wink out of existence in flashes. You do, however, see five familiar, yet grim, faces standing in a circle around you. Even PIPER looks worried.

“You have reached the core my artificial brain.” 

Daedalus speaks to you here without even a visual of a speaker to signify where his voice is coming from.

“I apologize that it’s not much to look at. I have ended my visual simulations. They were unnecessary. And besides, my processing speed has been greatly reduced by… something. I am trying to remedy the problem now, but I calculate it may take days to resolve. I have delegated the facilitation of your journey to my Personality subsystems while I deal with this complication.”

BRUCE salutes the sky and turns to face the other Personalities, sans SIGURD, who is pacing nervously behind you. 

"You heard THE MACHINE! We'll be FACILITATING the rest of the Player's journey. You had all better do your BEST! GENERAL SIGURD--"

"I can talk for myself, thank you, BRUCE." SIGURD's sharp voice silences BRUCE in an instant, and they salute SIGURD with even more gusto than normal.

"Yes, my fellow Personalities. It is as Daedalus says--something is reducing his processing power. I know you have all spoken to Daedalus in private regarding my involvement in the matter..." At this, their eye seems to linger on BRUCE more than the others. "And I would like you to know I have been in constant communication with Daedalus ever since PIPER found those cards. There is definitely something irregular occurring, but it is nothing Daedalus cannot handle."

BENEDICT shrugs, almost imperceptibly, but enough to catch your attention. They meet your eyes and nod in SIGURD's direction, while rolling their eyes, as though saying "get a load of this guy."

The hairs on the back of your neck stand up, and you realise SIGURD saw that little exchange. They swiftly turn their back to the rest of the Personalities.

"Meeting adjourned. Help the Player to the best of your abilities. I will be going on ahead."

As the other Personalities leave the room, BENEDICT stays behind, and smiles at you sympathetically.

"Sorry, buddy. Didn't mean to get you involved in that. Don't worry, though, he's mad at me, not you. I can't help but feel, though..."

His eyes stare off at the doorway that SIGURD had exited from. 

"It's weird he keeps going off on his own like that. I mean, he must know it looks suspicious. PIPER's just a kid, so it's fine if she goes off and does her own thing, but he's really meant to be at the head of the pack."

You ask what BENEDICT is saying. They snap out of their reverie, and seem panicked.

"Whoa--no, no, I wasn't saying anything. Just thinking out loud. Just, uh, forget you heard anything, right, buddy? Now, let's get this done quickly. This Labyrinth will be a cinch if we put our heads together!" 
