Persson’s Cell~
This room looks like a normal wooden inside-lounge--the kind you might find in a hunting lodge. A fire burns in the fireplace, casting artificial heat over the artificial inhabitants within. Couches and plush armchairs are circled around a table, where two of the Personalities are bent over a card game. BENEDICT spots you, and waves you over.

"Hey, human! Look, PIPER found some Playing Card Data in another room. We sat down for a game, but... well, you can see what happened."

You walk up behind the couches, and see that what you had thought was a card game has become more of a melee over a card game. IVANESSA and BRUCE are at each other's throats, yelling with faces redder than the fire behind them. BENEDICT is standing behind them with a half-amused, half-worried expression on their face, while PIPER is using a stuffed moose as a jungle gym, and occasionally blowing at the table so a card or two slides off while the arguers are distracted.


"...Imbecile! Do you think me a fool, BRUCE? You clearly cheated in that last hand. The odds of drawing that card--why else would you go all in!? You had unauthorized knowledge."

"BIG words from a shifty grifter who DREW all FOUR ACES in a row."

"You clearly didn't shuffle the deck properly! How else would you have gotten blackjack the round before?"

"So when I get a GOOD hand, I'm CHEATING, but when YOU get a good HAND I'm CHEATING!? You are being insubordinate, and GENERAL SIGURD will hear of this!"

You look around, but don't see them. You quietly ask BENEDICT where SIGURD went.

"Oh, he's gone out to investigate the maze. No time for relaxation, that guy."

You ask why Sigurd has gone out--what they're investigating.

"Apparently the cards PIPER found upset him. That kind of data's not supposed to be in here, I guess, so it means it got in without Daedalus' knowledge."

You ask how BENEDICT thinks it got in.

"Beats me. Maybe someone from outside--another human, I mean--uploaded it to give us something to do while we're waiting? Or, y'know, maybe PIPER had something to do with it. She claimed she "found" it, but... well, I don't want to point fingers. I mean, SIGURD obviously knows more than he's telling us, so maybe he brought it in."

BENEDICT waves their hand dismissively. 

"No point worrying about it. Anyway, hurry up, man! The doors are over there. Let's get through this thing quickly, right?"

As you walk away from the rapidly-loudening argument at the card table, you can't help but feel that something's not quite right.

