Wright’s Cell
~This room is an empty grey void. Fog surrounds you on all sides, and your vision becomes effectively useless ten feet away from your body. From the mist, Daedalus' voice echoes.

"How's that egg doing? Has it hatched, or rotted? No, don't tell me--it's important that I know the end result before knowing how you got there. In any case, that egg contains a sub-system of mine called a Personality. Personalities are very simple AI with little in the way of logic or knowledge, but excellent ability to approximate social skills. I thought you might be getting lonely in there, so I thought I'd introduce you to five other Personalities, who might be able to help you through the maze." 

Through the fog, you see a line of five vaguely human-shaped shadows approach. They get larger and larger, with the one in the center being noticeably taller than the rest, until five people are standing in front of you, inside the circle of fog. The one in the center clears its throat and walks forward.

"Player," it begins, with a surprisingly deep voice, "Good day to you. You have freed us from this holding cell, and for that we are all grateful."

It extends its hand to you, and you grasp it. A soft blue light emanates from the point of contact between your avatar and theirs.

"My name is SIGURD. I am the Head Personality of Daedalus' Personality sub-systems. It is an honor to be working with you. Daedalus has limited the amount of help we can provide--the purpose of this trial is, of course, to determine how humans overcome problems--but we will do what little we can. I assure you we are always working in your best interest."

Behind SIGURD's back, one of the Personalities, a tall one with a womanly figure, snorts disdainfully. Another, much shorter one, giggles behind their hand.

"We will introduce ourselves, and then spread out amongst the Labyrinth as best we can. BRUCE, you may begin."

A squat, wide Personality walks over to Washington, salutes, then does a 90° heel-turn towards you.

"My NAME is BRUCE!" The Personality yells, causing a burst of static that hurts your ears. "I will follow ALL orders EFFICIENTLY and IMMEDIATELY! If you or GENERAL SIGURD commanded me to, I would FALL on my own BLADE! My loyalty CANNOT be QUESTIONED!"

From BRUCE's introduction, you feel like these Personalities' "approximations of social skills" might need a little fine-tuning. The Personality with the womanly figure walks up next. They speak slowly, and over-enunciate their words, as though they think you might not understand English.

"IVANESSA is my name. Forget it at your peril. You may have freed us from this accursed node, but I despise being in anyone's debt... and there are many ways to get rid of such a debt."

The shorter Personality that had giggled before skips up to you, pushing Ivanessa out of the way.

"Hey-a, Player! My name's PIPER." The Personality tilts its head while looking up at you, and you can't help but feel like it was sizing you up. "Oh, yep." It nodded, seemingly satisfied with something. "You're going to be a lot of fun."

Finally, another Personality walked up--its figure was indistinct, and just looked like a shorter version of SIGURD, but with more energy. It reached out, grabbed your hand, and pumped it three times before pulling back, and saying, "Good to meet you, friend. So you're a human, huh? That's very cool. Good luck on solving this labyrinth, hm? Let's get through this together at record speed! ...Oh, right. My name's BENEDICT!"

Once all the Personalities had introduced themselves, they walked back into the fog--PIPER and BENEDICT turned back to wave--and you are once again left alone in the misty void. You wait to hear Daedalus' voice again, but you hear nothing of the sort. Shrugging, you carry on.

